Welcome Back...
New year, New site
Ready or not, here it is
Imagine being a teacher in 2026 💔
Thanks for all the support!
Vice city is pretty cool guys
Over 200+ games at your disposal
By students, for students
Who wrote this corny ahh shii 💀
They tried to fight back, but who tf cares
We used to have over 11000+ lines of code, now its less than 1000
I miss the old site websim 💔
TACTICS ON TOP!!!!!
Ummmmmmm you shouldn't say that
all assets in this project are not owned or managed by T4ctica1.
Rights may belong to their respective owners.
Request more games in the "issues" tab on GitHub!
"Super Sonic Style!" - John Martin Plattner III
CHF Made this...
I totally have alot of ideas for this
What in the Minecraft ahh splash text
What in the Minceraft ahh splash text
Why tf you put cheese on my cheeseburger?
uhhhhhh can i get aaaaaaaauhhhhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmm uhhhh can i get a ehhh mmmmmmm well actuuualllyyy uhhh can i uhhhhh can i get a, uhm actually uhhhhhhhhh wait ahmmmmm uhhhhhhhh
Report any issues and request games in the "Issues" tab on the GitHub repo!
Gotta play them all!
New games coming soon! (trust)
Hi guys wsg
BECAUSE I HAVE PHANTOM PAIN 
Ok so did you guys know that, uh actually nvm
Pleeeeaaaseee speed i NEEEEEEDDD THIIIIISSSSSSS
My mom is kinda homeless :(
Is the website good? I hope it is
Welcome to my Website!
Wsg yall
Yall like games? You alr know i do
Bien, Gracias. Y tu? (Iykyk)
Go to settings and change the current Game Source for more games!
Whats an "html"? (Real question i got irl btw)
THEY TRIED BANNING MY SITE LOL 😂😂
im hungry
NEW CONTENT ALERT
yo why are you adding more splash lines, I WANT GAMES
Soooooo, when are you getting a job?
Job job job job job job
"I CAN DO WHATEVER I WANT!" - Homelander, Season 2 Episode 8
"How much does this job pay?" - Oliver, Season 4
Watch your favorite shows and movies
Play your favorite games
Play your favorite games and watch your favorite movies and shows!
Join the official Discord at discord.com/invite/T2nM82RWw2
Game plug is back yo
GTA 6 Web port coming in 2099
Spider-man BND was soooo good
More games coming as soon as possible
Only one file
Holy aura
"Where is amazon at?" - Romeo Guzmen, 2026
Wow you got ultra rare splash text yippe
